SC-10059 addeed Correlation page to monitoring/logs/synthetics/experience/events (#330)
sematext/docs: docs/events/correlation.md

title: Correlation
description: Split Screen is product-wide correlation and data-pivoting feature. With Split Screen you can compare Events report with any other report or dashboard, even with Events report but with different filters in the two different screens.

### Manual Correlation

> Manual correlation can be done using our [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) feature. With [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) you can compare and correlate Events report with any Monitoring, Logs, Infrastructure or Experience report. Correlation is also possible with Synthetic Monitor. It can be used to correlate even with Events report but with different filters in the two different screens. 

Reviewer: Manual correlation can be done using our => Manual correlation can be done using the 
(same in other places)

> Manual correlation can be done using our [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) feature. With [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) you can compare and correlate Events report with any Monitoring, Logs, Infrastructure or Experience report. Correlation is also possible with Synthetic Monitor. It can be used to correlate even with Events report but with different filters in the two different screens. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manual correlation can be done using the [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) feature. With [Split Screen](../guide/split-screen) you can compare and correlate Events report with any Monitoring, Logs, Infrastructure or Experience report. Correlation is also possible with Synthetic Monitors. It can even be used to correlate with Events reports but with different filters in the two different screens. 
```
